Minecraft is about to change massively.
If you've ever switched from Bedrock
Edition to Java, you might have noticed
it's super laggy. If you have a cheap
laptop that's a few years old, Minecraft
just doesn't run very well, and you
probably have to download performance
mods. This is literally the first thing
I tell a new player to do, which is kind
of stupid, and it's always been that
way. Mojang is switching the game
renderer to Vulcan, which means nothing
to me. But basically, the game will run
way smoother, like four times better.
FPS and shader packs will be much
smoother and faster. But the downside is
some computers over 10 years old won't
be supported and every old mod needs to
be updated. But overall, I think this is
great. Now, cheap laptops will run the
game perfectly, and I feel like
12-year-old systems weren't doing that
to begin